PROJECT DESCRIPTION: The College Sports Management System’s objective is to provide a which manages the activity of many sports at a time. It also manages the registration process and announcement of the results.


Modules

- Add sports
We can add new sports into the system so that we are able to retrieve them later during the registration process. The sports added would be viewed during the creation of a new intra- college or university tournament.

Add Scoreboard
We add a scoreboard so that the students can view it and the results of each match are announced here so that there will be only one platform for the results. This would reduce the chaos during the score announcement.



- Add Tournament

Each tournament from an intra-college or a university can be added here. It later would help in the registration of any sports in that tournament. While adding a new tournament the system would show the set of sports that are entered into the system by the director of the sports so only those sports can be included in the tournament while creation.

- Remove Sports

This module will help in the removal of any sports that the sports director thinks are not needed in the system. The removed sports would not be shown anywhere in the system that includes during the addition of a new tournament.

Edit Scoreboard

The added scoreboards would be updated here. This module helps in updating the scores on the scoreboard. Only the scoreboard which is added using the add scoreboard module would be present here and only these scoreboards can be updated. We won’t be able to add a new scoreboard here.

Remove players

This module would remove each player after each round of the tournament. So that only the existing player will be present and the one that is not qualified for the next round would be removed using this module. This would give a clear picture of the qualified players. As well as the player from the college team I can also be removed.

- Remove Tournament

After each tournament in the college or a university, we should remove it, so that there won’t be any confusion between different tournaments which are going to be held later on. This module would help in removing all the details of the deleted tournament.

================
Optional if time permits



Registration Individual

This module would help in the registration of individual sports events held in the tournament. We selected the tournament in which we want to be part and the sports in which we want to participate in and the player would add his name and the required details asked in the registration form. After all these processes then we can click on the submit button and the student has registered for the tournament that they wish to participate in.

Registration Group

This module would help in the registration of group sports events held in the tournament. We selected the tournament in which we want to be part and the sports in which we want to participate in and the set of player’s names would be added and the other required details asked for in the registration form. After all these processes then we can click on the submit button and the student has registered for the tournament that they wish to participate in.

Payment

This module would help to book. So that the students wouldn’t have to stand in a queue or have hard cash in hand in order to do any payment to the sports department. By using this module we are reducing a lot of paperwork and we are giving the students the liberty of doing the payment from wherever they are.

This College Sports Resource Booking Project is related to the College Sports Management System Project
